b_sanitize as an array (#14302)
mesonbuild/meson: docs/markdown/Builtin-options.md

| b_pie               | false                | true, false                                                   | Build position-independent executables (since 0.49.0)                          |
| b_vscrt             | from_buildtype       | none, md, mdd, mt, mtd, from_buildtype, static_from_buildtype | VS runtime library to use (since 0.48.0) (static_from_buildtype since 0.56.0)  |

The default and possible values of sanitizers changed in 1.8. Before 1.8 they
were string values, and restricted to a specific subset of values: `none`,
`address`, `thread`, `undefined`, `memory`, `leak`, or `address,undefined`. In
1.8 it was changed to a free form array of sanitizers, which are checked by a
compiler and linker check. For backwards compatibility reasons

> `get_option('b_sanitize')` continues to return a string value, which is
> guaranteed to match the old string value if the array value contains the same
> values (ie, `['undefined', 'address'] == 'address,undefined`). If a value not
> allowed before 1.8 is used `b_sanitize` will return a string in undefined order.

Reviewer: I think this can be made a bit clearer:
```suggestion
`get_option('b_sanitize')` continues to return a string with the array values separated by
a comma. For backward compatibility, if the `b_sanitize` options contains only the values 
`'address'` and `'undefined'`, they are always returned as the `'address,undefined'` string.
Otherwise, the array elements are returned in undefined order.
```

Author: @dnicolodi I've adopted the first part, but converted the second part into a bulleted list to make the different conditions more accessible.

| b_pie               | false                | true, false                                                   | Build position-independent executables (since 0.49.0)                          |
| b_vscrt             | from_buildtype       | none, md, mdd, mt, mtd, from_buildtype, static_from_buildtype | VS runtime library to use (since 0.48.0) (static_from_buildtype since 0.56.0)  |

> † The default and possible values of sanitizers changed in 1.6. Before 1.6 they

Reviewer: `1.6` should be `1.8` here and below, I think.

were string values, and restricted to a specific subset of values: `none`,
`address`, `thread`, `undefined`, `memory`, `leak`, or `address,undefined`. In
1.6 it was changed to a free form array of sanitizers, which are checked by a
compiler and linker check. For backwards compatibility reasons
`get_option('b_sanitize')` continues to return a string value, which is
guaranteed to match the old string value if the array value contains the same
values (ie, `['undefined', 'address'] == 'address,undefined`). If a value not
allowed before 1.6 is used `b_sanitize` will return a string in undefined order.

> In 1.6 `get_option('b_sanitize', format : 2)`, will return a free form array,

Reviewer: The commit message says that the way to get the enabled sanitizers as an array is `get_option('b_sanitizers')` (which I like more, BTW) but here it is documented to be `get_option('b_sanitize', format : 2)` and this is implemented below. The commit message needs to be updated.

Reviewer: Actually, I think the commit message is fine and the implementation should do what the commit message says.

Author: Makes sense, also see below discussion. I'll adapt the code so that we don't introduce the kwarg at all for now.
